Add Mission Met to the list of companies that use ViewComponent (#1360)
github/view_component: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## main

> * Add Mission Met to list of companies that heavily rely on ViewComponent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add Mission Met to list of companies that use ViewComponent.
```
